Added star as a possible shape (#189)
catdad/canvas-confetti: README.md

  - `origin.x` _Number (default: 0.5)_: The `x` position on the page, with `0` being the left edge and `1` being the right edge.
  - `origin.y` _Number (default: 0.5)_: The `y` position on the page, with `0` being the top edge and `1` being the bottom edge.
- `colors` _Array&lt;String&gt;_: An array of color strings, in the HEX format... you know, like `#bada55`.

> - `shapes` _Array&lt;String&gt;_: An array of shapes for the confetti. The possible values are `square`, `circle`, and `star`. The default is to use both squares and circles in an even mix. To use a single value, simply provide the value `['star']`. You can even change the mix by providing a value such as `['circle', 'circle', 'square']` to use two third circles and one third squares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `shapes` _Array&lt;String&gt;_: An array of shapes for the confetti. The possible values are `square`, `circle`, and `star`. The default is to use both squares and circles in an even mix. To use a single shape, you can provide just one shape in the array, such as `['star']`. You can also change the mix by providing a value such as `['circle', 'circle', 'square']` to use two third circles and one third squares.
```
